[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Duane Ollinger,
a high risk oil contractor
who discovered a system
of underground caverns that
run beneath his 160-acre ranch
in Utah, home to some
highly unusual anomalies.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on this planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> Thank you.
>> Many people suggest that
UAPs seem to pass through like
vortexes and portals
and stargate.
What was your experience
on your property with this?
>> I just know what Jeremiah
talked about on that whole deal
as far as how they used to go
from light years away and how
it all worked.
They always talk
like it takes longer
to get into a portal
and out of a portal.
It takes longer to do
that than it does just
to go from several
light years away.
>> Did he explain that
and how that happens?
>> What he said was they
just have high-level advanced
computers.
In saying that, the
portals are always
moving plus or
minus or something.
But those computers
can chase it down,
and they know how
to get into them.
And he always talked that it's
nothing to go several light
years away, but it
just takes longer
to get in and out of them.
And I never got to see that.
I'm just saying that's
what he always told me.
>> Well, it appears that
ETs, as people describe,
just appear out of nowhere.
And is that an
inter-dimensional thing
that you could talk about?
Are they coming through a
portal and then it's there?
Or are they cloaking themselves?
>> It's something
I don't know about.
I just know that the craft,
that's how they traveled,
was through craft like
a material object.
He did talk about that they
travel so fast that you have
to watch your diet because
if you're a meat eater,
then they got to
slow everything down,
or it'll kill the person that's
in it travelling that fast.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Why is that?
>> Death.
You have death in your gut,
and they were all vegetarians,
and they love food.
And that's how they
could travel so fast
and/or teleport into
different areas.
>> What did you see when you
first experienced those nine
UAPs?
Was there like a portal or
something opening or a light?
Or did they just appear?
>> So they came in like
they would like an aircraft.
I mean, they came in
like you could see them.
Now, we did not see them on
the back side of the mountain,
but they were like
they pulled in.
They just didn't appear.
They pulled up and stopped,
pulled up and stop, pulled up
and stopped.
So they wasn't coming out of a--
if they did, it was
something I didn't see.
They came in like a hover.
>> Were they hovering
the whole time?
Or did it land?
On the ground?
>> No, no, they
hovered the whole time.
And they were exactly
straight across.
There was 3, 3, and 3,
and they were all in line
coming out of the Northeast.
>> Have you ever seen on your
property vortexes or stargates
or anything like this?
>> So we talked to
the Ute tribal people.
And they will tell
you some wild stories
about things that take
place and how they know.
We have some markings on
that property out there
that they classify as a door.
But in saying that,
it's really not a door
like what you would think.
It's a marker.
And one of the guys
told us you just
need to know that
we have to have
markers in different areas.
So we know where
the teleport is.
But really, it's just a
rock, but it's telling them,
you've got to get this
close to be able to--
>> Does it have inscriptions
on it or hieroglyphics--
>> No.
>> --petroglyphs?
>> Not there right there.
We just have one that
we know of there,
and that's what one of the
major guys for the Ute nations
was telling us.
>> Did you general ever talk
about where those portals go
or those vortexes?
Is it a special one?
It just goes one place or can
you program it to go wherever?
>> He just always talked
about going from one place
to the other.
So I don't know if you got
to stop somewhere and jump
on another one.
I don't think we ever
really talked about that.
He did talk about how
their crafts move.
The craft they-- it's
anti-gravity type situation.
And how he would try to
explain it to me was it would--
they would send out a void or a
vacuum in front of that craft.
And then they would chase that
vacuum with no restriction.
And you have to have a different
anti-gravity on the outer shell
as you do on the inner shell, or
you'll just go splat because--
>> Right.
Create your own field,
your own density
field around the vehicle, so
you're not affected by that.
>> Yeah.
He said that they
even, on their craft,
have to put a little
bit of a gravity to it
or it seems like a video game.
And so they lack a
little bit of drag
inside so they can feel it.
>> Right.
>> And they monitor, they drive
those things with helmets,
with thought.
That's what I was told.
And each and every person has
its own helmet or thought.
>> Consciousness
assisted technology.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
>> You've heard about this, Tim?
>> I did.
Well, when they reconstructed,
what they found--
re-engineered those UAPs or UFOs
that they found, for example,
in the, well--
1947, for example, they
found out by the time
that the human body needs
something to relate to,
so they built in some kind of
feedback mechanism in order--
so when the craft goes left that
you feel it with your own body.
It's not as much that you get--
turn to one side or something.
But it's just enough to get a
feedback so you can control it.
And that's probably exactly
what you're describing.
>> Did the general ever
talk about maps of these
interstellar highways
through portals or anything?
>> Just that there's computers
that can latch on to them
and find them.
So he never really talked
about a map system or anything
like that, but they'd have to
have something I would think.
>> Is the general insinuating
that the vortexes and star
gates are found by the AI?
Or is it something that they
already know where this goes?
>> I think they know
where they're kinda close,
but they still have to
move around to get in them.
>> Are they naturally formed?
Or are they creating
these portals?
>> I think they're
naturally formed,
is what I understood
out of that whole deal.
And they have the computer
system to find them.
But they always move a little
bit, and that's the problem.
>> A little bit meaning a couple
of meters or kilometers or--
>> That's just what he said, was
they always move a little bit.
And so the computer
system has to find it
because they're moving on them.
>> Did he ever mention about
entering suns as the sun
as the energy source to go
through a portal or a vortex?
>> Not necessarily that, but he
talked about that these planets
like the moon and Mars and all
that on the back side it's just
full of life, lots
of folks up there.
He said it's nowhere
close to what we think.
>> Did he define what kind of
people are living on the moon
or on Mars, for example?
>> He talked about on the
moon they were having--
where the federation
had to step in
because they were
having a little war up
there because the--
oh, wow.
Let me think here.
The reptilians were pissed
because somebody was moving in
on their territory.
And so they had
to step in and set
some guidelines, another
entity of some kind, but--
>> He didn't mention
what that entity was?
>> No.
He did mention about
the reptilians up there.
But he did not say what
other one it was as far as--
>> What did he say about
the reptilians up there?
>> So he did say that
the reptilians were mad
because they have been
there for a lot longer.
And they felt like
it was their--
>> Territory.
>> --territory.
>> Are they hostile?
Or are they friendly?
>> He never really mentioned
too much about that.
They just said that they
had to step in and put
some guidelines in--
>> What about Mars?
You mentioned Mars that
there are living species?
>> Yeah.
Yeah, he talked about that.
Yeah.
>> What did he say?
>> He just talked like
there was, I mean,
to what extent or
anything like that.
But that was nothing
for them to go there.
I mean, that's--
>> Did he ever mention what
the majority race is on either
in Mars or the moon?
>> I took it that it was
probably the reptilians
on the moon because of
their timeline there.
But he never really told like
populations or everything.
He just said, you just need
to know it's very populated.
>> Absolutely.
I agree with that.
What do you think, Tim?
>> I agree too.
Well, we know that there's a
specific reptilian race that
is said to have
claimed a big part
of the back side of the moon.
It's also been said to me that
there is a reptile species
on planet Mars.
Well, I've never been there, but
it's interesting to hear what--
>> Right.
It just, like--
>> --the general sense, right.
>> --validates stuff that
you and I have been through.
Right.
>> So the one thing that I'm
pretty curious about is you
told us that we have--
that you have eight to nine
years of talks and experiences
with the general.
What did he tell you about the
universe, about other species?
What did you learn from him?
>> Oh, what he did say that
was very interesting is
they've only been outside of
their galaxy just a couple
of times.
And he says once they
get into another galaxy,
they don't want no
more-- a part of it.
They say it's a lot wilder
out there in other galaxies,
but he never would make
the comment of how wild.
But they're used to wild.
And so you think,
what is wild then if--
he just act like that's
not any place you
want to go into another galaxy.
>> What was the most curious
question you ever asked him?
>> Oh, goodness gracious.
I do know that he would always
overemphasize the fact that
Duane, you just
need to know there's
no such thing as
deep dark space.
There's no such thing.
He said, it's only dark on
the backside of the planet.
And I go to thinking
that you draw that out,
and I said, man,
that's a tough one.
What about the star
deal and all this?
But he always said it's not
dark headed into the light.
It's just dark behind
any planetary system.
>> I think it's a program of
misconception that us humans
here on the planet have got
programmed, I would say,
because the entire universe
is all light just like we are.
>> Yeah.
>> He never offered you
to join him on this craft.
>> Yes.
So what took place
there is you have
to get your permissions
and the whole 9 yards.
He said, you just need to know
you're on the list, Duane.
And I said, well, sign
me up because I'll go,
but then I might want
to get kicked back
off here or something.
>> What happened then?
>> So it never happened.
He got sick and then--
but that's just his
statements about--
>> Right.
Do you think you will ever get
in contact with the Galactic
Federation again?
>> Oh, I don't know.
I wouldn't be afraid of it
if I did because I've seen
and know how they
think and operate.
>> Did you
communicate via phone?
>> Yes.
Yes, on that.
So they always say that
there are a thousand
years of advanced technology.
So they pretty well--
people ask me, well, how
they send something to us.
Well, email.
>> Email.
Right, right.
>> They can do whatever
they want to do.
So if you ever listen to Don
Nicoloff, on Evident Footprint,
he entered-- he interviewed
Jeremiah Davis on the phone.
And they were-- and I
know that sounds crazy,
but I've seen their ships.
And so there's a long interview
with Jeremiah Davis and Don
Nicoloff back in '09,
somewhere around there.
>> I'll have to look that up.
>> Yeah, it's very interesting.
He talks about a lot of this
that we're a warring nation,
that we're a warring world.
And we got to get that out of
our system before we can be--
>> Amongst the stars.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Jeremiah always talked
about the 20 and back.
I never did quite
understand that,
but he always
overemphasized the fact
that the 20 and back is real.
And so--
>> And what is that?
What'd he say that
is, what is that?
>> It's basically they're
gone for 20 years,
and then they have no memory
of it when they get back.
>> Are they still the same
age or they never aged?
>> We didn't get
into that as much.
But it seemed like
it was probably--
it sounds wild.
But in my mind, him
talking about it
that they were the same age.
But I just don't
get that one, but he
said you got to remember that
20 and back is real, Duane.
It's real.
>> Well, so there is a
technology that some ETs are
using when they do
these contact scenarios,
which is basically they create
a phase in time where they put
in information and
let that develop.
And then they delete and
close that time window.
And people wake like 15
minutes later or something,
but they have a much
brighter information spectrum
inside of their mind.
So this is basically
the same technique
that's been used for what's
called the 20 and back program,
where people are being put
through a 20-year of service.
And then the time frame
gets closed again,
and they wake up in their
bed 15 minutes later.
>> I've heard of this, but I do
not have any experience in it.
You're right down the road
from Skinwalker Ranch.
And there's a lot of
three letter agencies
out there have claimed about
these portals, stargates,
and vortexes.
Are any of these things
found on your property?
>> So as far as found on our
property, that would be a no.
But to interview all
these people that
are in that area that
have seen so many things,
it's unreal, like the
skin-walkers and things
like that to see in their
eyes and while they're
being interviewed.
And they have had to hold
that within their hearts
since they was 12 years old.
And now they're finally
getting to tell it,
and they tell it exactly like
somebody else that they don't
even know would tell it about
these animals of some kind that
are just wild looking.
And so in turn, do we know
what happens on our place?
No, we don't.
I'm not out there all the time.
But it sure happens
within that whole area.
>> You need to explain
that to European.
What is a skin-walker?
[LAUGHTER]
>> This is great.
>> So it's basically--
>> We see different theories
about hybridization and about
the underground facilities
that may or may not be there,
portals and extraterrestrial
craft buried there,
mutations because of radioactive
material that's down there.
There's a lot of
different, I think,
theories about what
that possibly is.
>> So it's kind of a
mutation or something.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Well, some people think
that it is derived from
extraterrestrial genetics.
>> I do know of people that
have seen just exactly what
you're talking about.
It's like a big, old
stand-up werewolf looking
dog head and things like that.
What's strange is
we talked to one guy
that he said but
they can change form.
So they can be a
scary type object
or walk around or
go around the rock
and come out as
a little raccoon.
So none of this
makes sense to me.
I mean, but it's--
if you see in their eyes,
they ain't BSing now.
>> No, it's real.
>> Yeah.
>> I've actually stumbled upon
that in New Mexico a few times
on the side of the road
really late at night,
about 8 to 10-foot tall werewolf
looking thing and immediately
goes into a bunny rabbit.
>> Wow.
Yeah.
>> I mean, right in
front of my eyes.
I mean, right there
with my friends watching
and everything.
It's a one heck of a spectacle.
That's for sure.
>> Yeah.
>> And also very frightening
when the first time you see
something that large.
>> Yeah.
>> You know what, I'm
glad I live in Europe.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, they might
be over there too.
>> Probably yes.
>> Are there any anomalies
on your property that relate
to vortexes and any type
of phenomena like that?
>> The only thing that I
can say is we have up on top
of the mountain, on the side of
the mountain where it'd be hard
to get to, there's a door.
And it's so smooth
on that whole deal.
It's on the real end.
Right around the
corner in that area
that's where we have a tree
where lightning strikes.
We have pictures of lightning
strikes shooting out
like what they saw a long
time ago when Jeremiah
Davis reported it to us.
But lightning strikes shoot out
of the side of these two rocks,
and we have that on a
little bitty short film.
And then right in
between that is
where it's like a plasma smoke,
like it's a dark smoke here,
dark smoke here, white
smoke in the middle
that proves the point that
it is a plasma arc coming out
there too.
It just screws with the
equipment, the whole 9 yards,
and it's awful
strange that that's
where the Ute tribal
leader told us
that's where they have to
make marks where they come in
and come and go.
I've never seen any
of this, but they
talk about the little people.
And they talk
about you just need
to know in this
area right in here
is that's where the
little people come and go.
And they talk about how
they change their frequency
by diet, where they can come
and go, and they're tricksters.
I haven't seen it,
but I'm just saying
that's what they tell me.
>> And who are they?
The little people?
>> Well, see, that's something
I haven't never seen how little
they are.
But I'm just saying that's
what the Ute nations or the Ute
people talk about.
And they say that that's one
of the spots where they come
and go right up
in that-- right up
in that area of the mountains.
How that works I
just don't know.
>> You had mentioned the
markings on the rock.
Did you see anything
or feel anything else?
>> So basically, where we
drilled those holes when we
opened it up for the documentary
when we lifted that board up,
it was like there was a big
vortex come out of the ground
that's been covered up for
over 10 years plus or minus.
And it went up in
the air, and it
spun in a counterclockwise
manner, huge wind of-- it
was like we were in a tornado.
>> Like a vacuum, maybe?
>> Yeah, and there
was a tree about, oh,
to the Northeast about
200 yards over there.
Basically that tornado
come out of that area where
that hole was and it went up.
And the reason I knew it was
spinning counterclockwise
was there was some
plastic there that we
used to cover up
the board, so it
didn't rot the boards
and things like that.
So that tornado picked up
the dirt and the plastic
and the whole 9 yards.
There was camera crews
there the whole thing.
And it was blowing everybody
all over the place.
And it went straight over
to that great, big pine tree
to the North, Northeast.
And it was stopped
at that pine tree,
and it's like it got in a
fistfight with that pine tree.
And it just stayed right
over the top of it,
and then it goes
[VOCALIZES],, just stopped.
>> Did you experience
any physical things,
like your ears popping
or any pressure changes?
>> No, just more so
it was just so windy.
I mean, it was-- we
were standing there
in a huge tornadic-like
situation.
That came from nowhere.
>> Did it mess with
any of your equipment?
>> That's the area that it
does mess with the equipment.
But at that time, all
they were trying to do
was hang on to
their hats and not
know what the heck's going on.
>> What do you think
the significance
of the counterclockwise
motion of the tornado is?
>> We've learned some different
things about counterclockwise
in our side of the
hemisphere anyway.
So that's what orgone energy
is, what we were told.
And so for some reason,
that's just the way
the energy came out and
then they went right over
to that tree.
And there was a lot of people
that saw this whole deal.
And that's not the
only time we've
had something go crazy
like that, just comes out
of nowhere.
>> What else have
you experienced?
>> Oh, hit the pond where we'll
be doing some filming down
there and all of a sudden just
out of the blue in that pond
area it just starts blowing
everything all over the place
and people falling
around and down.
And it gets pretty wild.
But yeah, I just don't know.
In Texas, we just call
that little twister,
but that one came
out of the ground.
>> And you lived in
Texas for quite a while.
Have you seen this
phenomena before?
Where is that originating from?
And did that twister
go back to the hole?
>> So the only thing I've
ever known about tornadoes,
and we've seen many of them, is
you see them from a long ways
off.
And they're tearing things
up all over the place.
So you get to see
them, but you've never
seen one just
created right there.
But see, that hole had been
covered up for over 10 years.
And the film crew
was there, and they
were going to open that hole
so we could go down and take
more samples of the blue dirt.
So when we pull that all off
and just put that board over
to the side, that's
whenever it just got crazy.
And then it started right there.
And then that's where
it went right across.
It got into that
big, huge pine tree.
And it's like that--
I know this sounds
crazy, but it's
like that pine tree just
accepted the energy back
into the ground.
I know there's a lot of
people that don't know,
because we're all still
scratching their head
on that one.
>> Do you think your vortex
on your property is a beacon
for visitation?
>> Yeah, it's just
something I don't know.
But we do have equipment that
just doesn't work with a flip
there, like they launched drones
in that area and I told them.
I said, don't launch
those drones right here.
I said they'll mess
your equipment up,
and they didn't believe me.
And so they launched one,
and screen went grey.
And it just wrecked that thing
right side of the mountain.
Now you did mention--
you did mention earlier that
there was a craft underground
on your property somewhere.
Do you believe that the
energy from this craft
could be distorting the drone,
the equipment, your health?
So I was told by
Jeremiah that there
is an object about
150 foot down in that
what we call the energy zone.
It has to be affecting a lot
of things, I would think.
So far in life, I hadn't
seen anybody that's
had their health affected.
It's like it-- if nothing else,
it maybe charges your body then
takes away.
>> Do you feel that when
you're on the property?
Do you feel like it's affecting
your health in a positive way?
>> Oh, yeah, people that go
out there, they've had pains.
And there was a lady
from Skinwalker Ranch
that had a cataract on one
eye and glaucoma type deal.
She got in the ponds
over there where
it's tied to lay lines,
meteorites, the whole nine
yards, plus this blue aura
and the lightning strike.
She got into the ponds, then
went into the energy zone
over there.
And two hours later, she didn't
have no more eye problems.
That's her story, not mine.
And there's so many people
that talk about the things that
have happened to them.
We're not pushing
them to tell us,
oh, come on, tell us
something better than that.
Oh, we don't care.
It's either it did
or it didn't help.
There's been people
that's had basically neck
problems for 12 years that
had these problems at birth.
And there was a lady that
fought this problem, where
she couldn't move her neck
and anything like that
for the last 12 years.
And she got into the ponds
and then went over there,
and she talked to
her husband, saying
this is really scaring me.
And he asked her why?
And she said because I
can finally move my neck.
>> So how large are these ponds?
>>The pond where we go in and
out of the cave systems is
about--
>> So it's connected to the
underground water system.
>> Yes, it is.
>> The underground stream also.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so that's where one
of our entry points is.
And that's where the blind frogs
come out and the whole 9 yards.
>> Have you ever used any other
technology in order to measure
anything or any
of those effects?
>> So about the energy
fields or what's taking place
of the people, yes, we have.
There was a lady and a
man that came out there
that could measure your body.
And so they did a
test in Vernal, Utah,
where they took about 10 people.
And they measured their
body electrical current.
>> Voltage, right?
>> Yeah, something like that.
And so in turn what took place
was is they measure you there.
And it was anywhere
from 50 to 55 to 60.
They all went out to the
ranch, including me too.
And then they got in the ponds
and then got out and measured.
And those people all gained
about 20 points plus or minus.
And those people that
run that equipment said,
this is unheard of.
It never happens.
>> Wow.
>> And so it has to be
somewhat of an energy field
that's helping your cells
charge to repair something.
>> Yeah, positively charges you,
which and it would make sense
that being in this pond, raising
your voltage could actually
help you.
>> Did the general ever
say something to you about
the plants or the effects?
>> No, no, not on that.
He just told us about the
blue aura on the East side,
but it has to be
affecting everything
because those pollens are tied
to meteorites and the whole
9 yards that the underground
cave system is all a part of.
And we know that by the
satellite technology,
what we know.
So if you take
the water and they
get a sample of that
water, then they
can track those
elements in the water.
And so that's where we know
where the cave systems go.
>> So you don't think
it's in the water.
So if you take like a
bottle full of the water,
it would lose its qualities if
you move it away from the pond?
So it's a local effect?
Or do you think it
can be transported?
>> You know it something
I don't know about.
I don't know if water loses its
charge once it has it in it.
I just don't know those things.
>> Some water can.
>> Yeah.
>> Forced data water plasma
holds pretty well for a very
long time, which probably
is-- sounds like the charges.
Have you ever experienced
any type of time anomalies
on the property or--?
So for whatever reason, like
if you have a GPS out there,
it's never going to be right.
And we've learned that lesson,
but even the elevations,
like you can take a
measurement in a certain spot,
and you're higher, but
it'll show you lower.
And then you move around, and
the lower will show you higher.
It just screws up equipment
like you wouldn't believe.
And it's never, never the same.
There's been people
out there that are--
this is back in '09,
somewhere around there where
their watches
would just go nuts.
>> It sounds like an
inter-dimensional,
transdimensional, time spatial
where that maybe you are in two
places at the same time
because maybe the elevation was
different a thousand years
ago or a million years ago.
It's picking up on all
these different elevations.
>> And well, what we have seen
is there a lot of people that
enter, for example,
crop circles,
they're changed to their
pigmentation on their color
on the skin.
Have people ever experienced
some kind of pigmentation
changes on their skin?
>> They never got
that technical.
They just always-- people talk
about how much better they feel
or whatever.
But to get right down to
some of that other stuff,
I wouldn't know.
>> OK.
>> But I'm not there on all the
tours and everybody that's been
there.
>> Do you feel like you might be
exploring something that's just
too much power
for you to handle?
>> I think at this
time in my life,
the knowing is worth the risk.
>> Do you feel like you have
a responsibility to share this
information to the world?
>> Yes, I do.
Yes, I do because if we can
help move humanity forward
in a better way, then, my gosh,
for me to keep a secret from
y'all or my
grandkids or my kids,
that would help them make
a better decision later
on in life if they
know the truth.
And I think it's very important.
>> Well, Duane, thank you so
much for being on the show.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> And, Tim, thank
you for joining us.
>> Thanks, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and this is
"Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Well, there's so much
complexity to a disclosure
program.
The government would have
to come out and admit
that they disinformed
people since 1947
probably even before that.
One of the things that
people don't connect the UAP
phenomenon with is
the disappearance
of millions of people
around the Earth every year.
I know we have some
very advanced weapons.
That's not going to be
used against the country.
It was going to be
used against something
else, some other entity.
And that other entity
is going to be something
coming from outer space.
[MUSIC PLAYING]